Create ui-c8y-1021-0-0-adding-filtering-for-alarm-types-in-the-alarm-overview-6667.md (#2571)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/application-enablement/ui-c8y-1021-0-0-adding-filtering-for-alarm-types-in-the-alarm-overview-6667.md

---
date: ""

> title: Add filtering for alarm types in alarm overview

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Filtering for alarm types added in the alarms overview
```

> title: adding filtering for alarm types in the alarm overview (#6667)

Author: The Claude AI suggested to use the following title:
```suggestion
title: Add filtering for alarm types in alarm overview
```

product_area: Application enablement & solutions
change_type:
  - value: change-QHu1GdukP
    label: Feature
component:
  - value: component-YbYJ3gLU_
    label: Web SDK
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-59391
version: 1021.0.0
---

> adding filtering for alarm types in the alarm overview (#6667)

Author: The Claude AI suggested to use the following body:
```suggestion
To improve the usability of the alarm overview, filtering for specific alarm types has been added. Users can now select which alarm types they want to see in the overview by using the new filter options. This allows users to focus on the alarms that are most relevant to them, making it easier to identify and address critical issues in a timely manner.
```

> To improve the usability of the alarm overview, filtering for specific alarm types has been added. Users can now select which alarm types they want to see in the overview by using the new filter options. This allows users to focus on the alarms that are most relevant to them, making it easier to identify and address critical issues in a timely manner.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To improve the usability of the alarms overview, filtering for specific alarm types has been added. Users can now select which alarm types they want to see in the overview by using the new filter options. This allows users to focus on the alarms that are most relevant to them, making it easier to identify and address critical issues in a timely manner.
```
